Around the age of about 7 or 8, Harry had created a world inside his
room. He named It Harry Land, and you would travel there by entering his
wardrobe. Once inside the wardrobe, you would be confronted with a
barrage of DIY sound effects. Once those subsided, the wardrobe door
would open, and you would take your first steps into the magical realms of
Harry Land.
Often, going to Harry Land was a frustrating mission of necessity. That
soft toy that I desperately wanted from real world Harry, could only be
traded with a merchant that lived in Harry Land. And even once in Harry
Land, these deals would never be straight forward, and my supposed
meeting with the merchant would only be the beginning of a series of
exhausting riddles that made me tired and furious. Other times, in Harry
Land, you would meet with a creature who was more like a kitten than a
human, and would simply meow and crawl around on all fours. These
creatures would seemingly have no idea about the deal brokered prior to
entering Harry Land. Sometimes, I would take friends of mine to Harry
Land, eager tourists who were interested in experiencing the unique
language and culture. Of course, Harry Land had its own maps, language,
customs and currency.
Harry was a very unusual, and creative child. He was also very
challenging, and from as early as I can remember, he was pushing
boundaries, frightening my parents and making people uncomfortable. Harry
and I both started our schooling at a strict, conservative private school called
Melbourne Grammar. Harry barely lasted 3 years there. I still remember
vividly being informed by a class mate, with a kind of dignified
embarrassment, that my brother had been sent to the principals office
because him and Lucy Lewis had “Licked” the notice board poll.
Despite the fact that by this point in my life I was barely 10 years old, it
had already become common place for me to hear things such as:
“WOW you and harry are completely different”
“OMG how is it even possible that you and harry were born from the
same family”
“You are so calm and sensible, unlike your brother!”.
or even from the most basic, and unfortunate of acquaintances
“I’m sorry but your brother is a freak” 
By the time that I was entering my early teenage years, I had learned to
identify myself in opposition to my brothers precocious weirdness. Harry
would be the weird, difficult, volatile brother. I the stable, sensible, ordinary
and conformist one. Harry would cause the problems, I would remain quiet
and provide no material for worrying.
As we became adults, these differences between us started seeming
smaller and more cosmetic. I quit my job as a software engineer and also
began to pursue a career in the arts. Since then, our interests and passions
began to grow closer and closer together. I found Harry to be amazing to jam
with, he would inhabit whatever ideas you would say and start building a
world out of it. Together we were always creating worlds. We spoke of
collaborating in the future, although deep down I was holding off for his
sobriety. While the collaboration never happened explicitly, I believe that an
unconscious collaboration was already taking place. Conceptually, we began
working with similar material - virtual worlds, avatars, simulations and
science fiction. When we would spend time together, it became clearer that
we also shared a very special kind of connection. A certain weirdness, a
sense of humor, an enthusiasm, a passion, a shared kind of creative drive and
spirit. Harry and I were growing closer with time and were no longer so
different as many had asserted throughout our childhood.
Now that harry is gone, I can consider him and his work without any of
the anger or fear that once clouded my vision. I see him now in his tye-died,
Technicolor glory. His full, brilliant, unique and ambitious vision. I am also
able to identify now more than ever, how much of Harry there is within
myself than I had ever allowed myself to see.
Harrys boldness, his creativity, his fearlessness, his lack of shame, his
genius, will all live on through his memory and his work. He was a bright
star, who inspired and left a greater impact on people than most do in a full
adult lifetime. And as his brother, I want to take what was so powerful and
magical about Harry moving forward, and carry it with me. 